"Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm."  -Sir Winston Churchill
"The life which is unexamined is not worth living."  -Socrates
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."  -Socrates
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."  -Mahatma Gandhi
"I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?"  -Benjamin Disraeli
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability."  -Walter Scott
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom."  -Thomas Jefferson
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value."  -Albert Einstein
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose."  -Bill Gates
"Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter."  -John Keats
"All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man."  -Henry David Thoreau
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see."  --Henry David Thoreau
"In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it—thou art a fool."  -Lord Chesterfield
"God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame."  -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?"  -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men."  -Confucius
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience."  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future."  -George Bernard Shaw
"Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance."  -George Bernard Shaw
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time."  -George Bernard Shaw
"Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar."  -William Wordsworth
"Patience is the companion of wisdom."  -Saint Augustine
"Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice."  -Anton Chekhov
"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort."  -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile."  -Plato
"Good for the body is the work of the body, and good for the soul is the work of the soul, and good for either is the work of the other."  -Henry David Thoreau
"Have a heart that never hardens, a temper that never tires, a touch that never hurts."  -Charles Dickens
"In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks."  -John Muir
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."  -Lao Tzu
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning."  -Albert Einstein
"There are only two great tragedies in life: one is not getting what you want and the other is getting it."  -Oscar Wilde
"Sometimes the questions are complicated, and the answers are simple."  -Dr. Seuss
"What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so."  -Mark Twain
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new."  -Albert Einstein
"Knowing what must be done does away with fear."  -Rosa Parks
"It's not that I'm so smart. It's just that I stay with problems longer." -Albert Einstein
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated."  -Confucius
"Education is not the learning of the facts, but the training of the mind to think."  -Albert Einstein
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."  -Robert Frost